README.md, before:

# Curriculum Management System

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Keeran10/CurriculumManagementSystem.svg?token=MoxxqDdGkV24zknvVVL5&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Keeran10/CurriculumManagementSystem)

The Curriculum Management System will be a software-as-a-service providing University faculty members the necessary tools to modify their respective  University Academic Calendar. The objectives of the CMS are the following:

- Create a database with the potential to hold all information from diverse academic calendars. 
- Implement a responsive and user-friendly user interface. 
- Assess change requests and provide an overview of possible impact of changes.
- Implement approval process pipelines to review calendar modification requests. These pipelines will send the many types of requests to their appropriate academic bodies (councils, committees, senate). 
- Automate as much of the curriculum management process as possible.


### Contributors
- [Keeran Ratnasabapathy](https://github.com/Keeran10)
- [Matthew Benchimol](https://github.com/MBenchimol)
- [Antoine Betenjaneh](https://github.com/soenAnt)
- [Irina Fakotakis](https://github.com/irinafakotakis)
- [Georgik Barsemian](https://github.com/BarsemianGeorgik)
- [Scott Bouchard](https://github.com/sbouchard09)

Commit message:

Add setup instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# Curriculum Management System

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/Keeran10/CurriculumManagementSystem.svg?token=MoxxqDdGkV24zknvVVL5&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/Keeran10/CurriculumManagementSystem)

### Setup Instructions
Setup instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/Keeran10/CurriculumManagementSystem/wiki).

### About
The Curriculum Management System will be a software-as-a-service providing University faculty members the necessary tools to modify their respective  University Academic Calendar. The objectives of the CMS are the following:

- Create a database with the potential to hold all information from diverse academic calendars. 
- Implement a responsive and user-friendly user interface. 
- Assess change requests and provide an overview of possible impact of changes.
- Implement approval process pipelines to review calendar modification requests. These pipelines will send the many types of requests to their appropriate academic bodies (councils, committees, senate). 
- Automate as much of the curriculum management process as possible.


### Contributors
- [Keeran Ratnasabapathy](https://github.com/Keeran10)
- [Matthew Benchimol](https://github.com/MBenchimol)
- [Antoine Betenjaneh](https://github.com/soenAnt)
- [Irina Fakotakis](https://github.com/irinafakotakis)
- [Georgik Barsemian](https://github.com/BarsemianGeorgik)
- [Scott Bouchard](https://github.com/sbouchard09)
